---
slug: 1.0.0
title: "aMule 1.0.0"
date: 2003-08-25
tags: [release]
---

!!! Initial Launch of aMule !!!

Gui changes:

* Changed Main Servers Window (changed position of functionnalities, now, to update serverlist from url, click on the serverlist icon, all others field are descriptive by herself).
* Changed Main Search Windows (removed not connected functions and Direct Download), all GUI stuff of this window come in muuli_wdr.cpp & muuli_wdr.h.
* Fixed behaviors of buttons in Main Search Window.
* Added Fast ED2K Links Handler (Direct Download) with same functionnality as the original Direct Download of xMule Search Main Window but followin all main windows (i hate to have to switch to Search Main Window to be able to send a ED2K Link ...

Nothing more i can remind ;-)

---

malware's contributions:

* Speed up the initial sharing by making KnowFileList a hash map.
* Remove the assign to category context menu entry only if it was already there.
* Reimplemented hashing thread.
* Removed unused locks. As the NetBSD team pointed out they are causing problems on their system because it does core dump on unlocking a mutex that was not locked.
* Made the title for systray the same as for the main dialog.
* Never share a file twice.
* Fixed endless loop in sending UDP packets.
* Fixed a possibly exploitable bug as noticed by S. Esser from e-matters.
* Fixed new downloads assigned to random category.
* Check size of OP_SERVERSTATUS packet more strictly.
* Do not display the unit for file size twice in shared file list web page.

Un-Thesis' contributions:

* Added more support for Solaris, thanks to wimms.
* Corrected various Linux-specific #ifdefs.
* Fixed the bug that kept auto-backtrace from occuring in Linux.

NetBSD team's contributions:

* Fixed bug with the mutex protecting calls to gethostbyname.
* Try to increase some resource limitation to the permitted maximum.

sepahewe's contributions:

* Fix images in transfer list web page.
