---
slug: 2.1.0
title: "aMule 2.1.0"
date: 2006-01-01
tags: [release]
---

*Release name: The 'I just teased you with this release till 2006' version*

*Note: This version is dedicated to our great tester Citroklar, for reasons he knows.*

ender:

* Fix adding AICH links with amulecmd.

fulgas:

* Added Kad info to amulesig
* Fix for reading Kad info on the amule-utils: amps,cas,wxCas,xas

Gerd78:

* Fix linkage with static wx libraries.
* Fix aMule.spec files
* Fix amule.desktop file

GonoszTopi:

* Fixed a small GUI glitch
* Ported the partfile importer from eMule, it's now capable of importing eDonkey2000 partfiles. MLDonkey partfiles are not yet supported.
* Hid the "debuglog" entry in webserver, it had the same contents as "log".
* Moved CTimer class declaration to its own header file.
* Internal events moved to their own header.
* Proper termination of working threads in webserver.
* Moved GetSoftName() to DataToText.cpp.
* Changed the RGB() function to produce correct rgb values.
* Added ability to transmit floating point numbers via EC, by transmitting them in their string representation.
* Using svn revision number as CVSDATE for svn working copies.
* EC now uses a version ID for detecting binary incompatibilities.
* New function: CastItoSpeed(), which converts the given integer value (assuming it means bytes/second) into string.
* Changed 'K' prefix for 'kilo' into 'k'.
* Brand new statistics tree. Features include:
  * internal data is kept up-to-date realtime
  * support for translation over EC
  * selectable maximum of client versions shown
  * remote gui also has the statistics tree
* Win32 compilation fixes.
* Manpage file names now can be transformed.
* Fixed linkage with shared win32 wx libraries (DLLs).
* Fixed #538: extended info on tabs aren't removed
* Fixed webserver search result page blank.
* Strict POSIX compliance in configure script, fix for NetBSD sh.
* Removed some strings from translation database that never needed translation, such as "|", "(", "." and so on.
* Fixed #521, #525, #542: amuled didn't handle shutdown command well.
* Check for libpng existance and usability even if libpng-config doesn't exist.
* Fixed #545: Can't tell part number in remote gui
* Disabled 'Preview' menu item in remote gui.
* Fixed #543: amuleweb does not load the good language
* More handy (or proper or native or user-friendly or call it whatever you want) default incoming folder for Mac and Win.
* Implemented #510: Rename downloaded files from amule
* Made amulecmd able to connect/disconnect kad and/or ed2k.
* Proper location for config files on Mac and Win.
* Reworked amulecmd's command interface.
* Removed #pragma directives from sources.
* Various fixes to the new build system.
* New EC socket code.
* Fixed vertical position of text in shared files list.
* Added preference option to select web template for auto-started webserver.

ken:

* Use the IPFilter when adding and connecting to servers.  Thanks to MrFaber for reporting the bug.
* Along with GonoszTopi, proper location for config files on the Mac
* Along with GonoszTopi, better default location of Incoming directory
* Mac compilation fixes
* Added more keystrokes (Backspace, Numpad Delete) as synonyms for Cancel in Downloads list
* Improvements to internal memory management to protect against leaks in the face of exceptions
* Protect use of mutexes against exceptions
* Enabled language translation support for the Mac binary
* Don't show the 'x' close buttons on the search results tabs on the Mac, since they are non-functional and confusing
* Maintain the functionality of control-clicks (right-clicks) on tabs for search results and categories in the face of wxMac changes
* Helped avoid endianess problems with Kad
* Fixed handling of empty seeds files
* Fixed crashes involving CSharedFileList.  Special thanks to lionel77 for truly heroic debugging efforts.
* Fixed a crash in amuleweb when the template isn't found
* Contributed to improvements in the new CTimer class
* Disabled the tray icon preference settings on the Mac since they're dangerous (can cause crashes)

KingFish:

* Fixed systray shared files count.

Kry:

* Initial Kademlia import from eMule.
* Fixed endianess problems on Kad.
* Cleaning of the CContact class.
* Fixes on node lookup and distance calculation. This is colaborative development with John from eMule. (Added to eMule 0.46c)
* Fixed a crash on Kad search terms on the UDP listener. (Added to eMule 0.46c)
* Proper catching and more debug on Kad search and Data I/O
* Proper shutdown of Kad on exit.
* Kad firewalled sources are now contacted properly.
* Fixed a crash on search manager, caused by erase invalidating an iterator.
* Proper arrows for ed2k/kad state, using alpha drawing. This means that the little arrows on world globe on status bar are now separate: the lower one is for ed2k and the higher one for Kad.
* Fixed another wrong usage of stl classes and some cleaning on clientlist.
* Added GUI checkbox to show/hide Filter options.
* Added -D_GLIBCXX_DEBUG to compilation flags.
* Fixed a crash on kad indexes caused by deleting the key invalidating the iterator.
* Cleaned the connection state functions out of their container classes to theApp. This fixes possible crashes on uninitialised serveconnect/kad classes.
* Removed all low-level winsock/linux sockets erferences from code.
* Moved wxEVT_NOTIFY_EVENT to wxEVT_MULE_NOTIFY_EVENT to avoid conflicting with wxWidgets own definitions.
* Removed daemon fork on windows to fix compilation.
* Fixed text-mode apps password ask on windows.
* Fixed preferences close to do a cancel event.
* Added EC debug messages on connection failures.
* Fixed memset usage on abstract types, causing crashes on some configurations.
* Only use date and not hour from CVSDATE.
* Fixed MULENOTEBOOK events
* Fixed connect button behaviour, about 17 times (counted). Last implementation does:
  * Connect to enabled networks if aMule is not connected to any.
  * Disconnect if aMule is connected to any network.
* Fixed aMule remote gui to use event-driven EC.
* Fixed WOULDBLOCK on EC to retry tranfer.
* Fixed wxSOCKET_NOERROR not triggering a transfer on EC.
* Rethrow proper info on invalid Kad tag.
* Deprecated docs/amule-win32.HOWTO.txt, use wiki instead.
* Fixed GCC 4.0 compilation:
  * ~CMD4Hash()
  * ~CValueMap()
  * CValueMap
* Update Kad tab on usercount change.
* Fixed wxSOCKET_WOULDBLOCK/NOERROR on EC to avoid losing packets.
* Avoid widnows execution writing ont he registry.
* Fixed Solaris Sparc compialtion (-lrt compilation flag).
* Throwing invalid kad type tags for debug measures.
* Acording to RFC3330, 24.* and 14.* must be parsed as normal ips.
* Some fixes to the (still partial) skin engine.
* Allow to expand relative paths on skin engine.
* Fix for too big tags (larger than packet) detection.
* Updated POTFILES.in, lots of times.
* Updated and centralized client emule compatible numbers.
* Fixed wxWidgets includes based on version.
* Fixed clicking "No" on shutdown confirmation... doing a shutdown.
* Adding a link over EC now gets proper feedback on duplicates.
* Added YASO (Yet Another Shareaza Opcode).
* Allow binding EC and ed2k/kad sockets to an specific address. Use Address= and ECAddress= on [eMule] section of the amule.conf file.
* Warn for outdated version on daemon, too.
* Added Kademlia network to aMule daemon. This required an split of core/GUI of the initial import.
* Removed a big bunch of duplicated EC calls to connection status.
* Show Kad status on remote apps.
* Fixed a possible memleak on CKnownFile creation.
* Added hashing protection about hashing more than one part at a time.
* Fixed a memleak on global search packet.
* Fixed Kad crash based on wrong STL iterator usage.
* Compilation fixes for SafeFile classes.
* Chat icon on toolbar now blinks red/blue on new message till we press the button to check the message.
* Make compressed HTTP files be decompressed transparently after download. Allows for server.met.gz and similar downloads.
* Fixed the statusbar taking too much space.
* Default server.met uses gruk.org now, to avoid fake servers.
* Reverted phoenix false fix for my kad iterator fix and adding my fix which was before his fix. Try to say that drunk.
* Several cosmetic minor changes to GUI.
* Fixes on wxHTTP crashes caused by heap creation of sockets class.
* Moved ECAddr to ExternalConnect section and made GUI for selecting the ip.
* Fixed korean translation compilation failure.
* Several 2.4 compilation fixes, which turned out to be not used because we now require wxWidgets 2.6.0 at least.
* Fix NetBSD compilation (fwprintf not implemented on NetBSD).
* Fixed some unneeded ansi strings conversion to wide chars.
* Endian fix on Kad UDP packets being sent... elsewhere.
* Several fixes on endianess over source exchange and ip filtering.
* Debug output and crash fix for HTTP streams on download.
* Fixes on keyword hashing on Kademlia.
* Fixed Kad tag names using ansi chars instead of unicode names, which will be sent as ansi anyway but CTag creation is based on wxStrings, so using a char* uses the int constructor.
* Removed the CTagNameString, using wxString everywhere.
* Fix for GUI systray option being enabled when systray compilation is disabled.
* Server ed2k link (and any link) must be '/' terminated, fixed on generation.
* Debug output on EC protocol version mismatch.
* Changed servers toolbar button to networks. Now this has two tabs, one for ed2k and one for Kad.
* Created Kad GUI from scratch.
* OP_REASKCALLBACKUDP implementation for Kad lowid
* 64bits archs fix on webserver image generation.
* Removed CT_PORT usage on server login - is ignored by eservers now.
* Removed Kad search list ctrl - it's just debug output user won't need.
* Removed Kad nodes list ctrl - it's just debug output user won't need.
* Modification's to lupz's patches on Kademlia sources search.
* Compilation fixes on ClientList for Kad contacts.
* Checks for 0-port UDP packets to avoid 100% CPU usage.
* Lots of Kad cleaning on the imported code, contacts, searches, UDP packets processing and routing bin
* Removed kademlia/utils/Ping.* - unused on this implementation.
* Fixed a crash on Kad exit caused by double-removal.
* Fixed remote GUI compilation with Kad enabled.
* Changed invalid rating on a file to non-critical (keep source!).
* CPU fixes on duplicated calls to rating updates.
* Some fixes to rating icons.
* Killed muuli's pragmas.
* Moved search id's setting to search class itself.
* Fixed searches' timspan on CParfile::Process
* Reworked src/Makefile.am to handle common files.
* You can change toolbar to vertical/horizontal on GUI tweaks now.
* Removed fakecheck (sites down).
* Fixed a crash on HTTP download dialog caused by wrong usage of delete.
* Fixed toolbar orientation change not showing proper connection state.
* Fixing ED2K link handler colliding with status bar.
* Added 7z to types.
* Mantain a list of already-known mods to avoid "Compatible client found" messages spamming the console.
* Revamping of UpDownClient interface. Proper private vars and public accessors, merged the public/private sections, and decoupled credits classes.
* Fixed possible crashes on dereferencing NULL pointer, specially on EC tag creation on UpDownClients.
* Separated CClientCredits and CClientCreditsList to diferent files: the later is not needed on remote GUI while the former is.
* Moved some functions for ID check to theApp, to remove the includes needed on each file, cutting down compilation time.
* CClientCredits is not more a friend class of CClientCreditsList.
* Split CClientReqSocket from ListenSocket.*, and renamed to CClienTCPSocket to keep coherence with CClientUDPSocket.
* Removed event handler local vars on server and client sockets, and moved the classes out of the .h, because those are no needed anywhere else.
* Removed the possibility of bootstrapping Kad from a host.
* Fixed the stale unknown clients caused by unanswered kad-buddy requests. The new KADEMLIABUDDYTIMEOUT is 10 minutes. More than enough.
* Connect/Disconnect button works properly now. Disconnection happens on any network connected, and connection on the selected networks on preferences.
* Added a Disconnect button for ED2K too.
* Fixed possible crash on startup.
* Tray icon is now shown as connected if any network is (ed2k or kad)
* A lot of class separation and file/class renaming, to prepare the build for...
* Build system changed:
  * Added some intermediate libs to avoid double-compiles: (Binary compatible files only)
    * libmuleappcommon.a -> Common to all aMule derived apps
    * libmuleappcore.a -> Common to amuled/amule
    * libmuleappgui.a -> Common to amulegui/amule
  * Also changed some files to increase the amount of binary compatible files. Would be great to increase this number, but sadly theApp. access is not binary compatible (different base classes).
  * Created two amule-independant libs: Those are now on libs/ folder.
    * libcommon.a -> Common to all apps
    * libecc.a -> Common to all EC apps
* More changes to build and libs. libeccommon now includes ECSocket, and CRemoteConnection is used to connect to a remote core.
* Make libec independant from libmulecommon
* Call realize to fix toolbar on Mac.
* Open wiki on F1 for help :)
* Stats have a 64bits, not 32bits, uptime number.
* No more EC extra needed for having a remote app, yay. Just link to libec.a and use the CRemoteConnector->ConenctToCore and stuff. This will be expanded for a proper EC API.
* Did some EC API examples so someone can expand it.
* Tooltips, proper names, and layouts for the connection ports.
* Fixed compilation flags for base-only apps.
* Lots of GUI visual glitches fixed.
* Fixed ping times on servers being in ms instead of secs.
* Now core timer is on a thread, and it behaves much better.
* Fixed core timer silliness on time count. Much more acurate now.
* Workarounded the memleak caused by wx < 2.6.2
* Fixed it.po (twice).
* Some debug to aid locating rogue clients and know if it's actually us.
* Save source seeds now saves 10 sources, but only keeps them for a Max of 2 hours.
* Added search expressions class and parsers.
* Fixed flex usage when --header-file is not available.
* Proper POTFILES.in
* Fixed systray's Connect/Disconenct to include Kad.
* Fixed a huge bug that was sending TOO MUCH packets (UDP) to servers. This alone is a reason for a release. Fixes the server list flicker, too.
* Kad status fixed for remote apps, and included "running" status.
* Kad info is shown on Kad tab on remote GUI.
* Avoid ping storms by lugdunummaster request, adding a random value to server UDP ping.
* We should not publish FT_FILEFORMAT at all. Fixed.
* Publish only file rating if we have any.
* Update on server flags - added related search and type tag integer.
* FT_FILETYPE can be an integer for newer servers, added support.
* As for lug request, newer servers get a integer filetype tag if supported.
* Enable connect/disconnect Kad from remote gui.
* Some basic warnings on value changes for preferences. Now, if you request a change on preferences that requires restart, like ports, incoming/temp folders, and others, aMule will warn you on "OK".
* Don't connect to ed2k on server double click if the network is disabled
* More warnings: Kad without UDP port, and Kad conenct while disabled on preferences now raise a log warning message.
* Dynamic set of GUI options to avoid visiting prefs multiple times.
* Warn if UDP disabled and Kad enabled on preferences.
* Fixed Scanner.y to allow compilation with old flex versions.
* Fix installation or webserver's Kad page.
* Use the generic function instead of X11-specific one for geometry parsing. Fixes compilation on several platforms and removes dependency on X11 headers.
* Removed duplicated code and cleaned CDirectoryTreeCtrl
* Fix for continuously trying to solve a DNS server.
* Fixed some memleak on contact results.
* Fixed mem corruption, and contact asserts on the new merge code for kad contact trees.
* Kad notes filtering
* Fixes crash on startup onMac and Windows caused by an unitialized variable being used at dialog construction. But not on wxGTK. Go figure.
* Update on wxwin.m4 to wx-cvs of 15/12/2005 and proper base flags usage.
* Minor amount of libs to link for wx, instead of all libs.
* Fixed a crash on wxGetTranslation usage on Windows.
* Fixed an assert on folders tree control on windows.
* Fixed the initiazlization of status_arrows to proper size (16x16) on Windows.
* Fixed the status arrows on windows, and fixed wxWidgets bug that caused it.
* Changed file to output stream on HTTP download.
* Fixed a endless loop on downloading files < 10 bytes on HTTP.
* Fixed Kad nodes download by stopping Kad before the file is renamed.
* Fixed crashes on HTTP download.
* Added support for proxy usage on HTTP download, via environment variables.
* Fixed input streams on FileFunction's handling of gziped files.
* Fixed download of gziped files on windows.
* Fixed extension Kad search
* Fixed crash on search
* Removed the sending of "Any" type to server - is the default.
* Fix search types and return values on ed2k/kad search.
* Fixed a wrong Kad packet being created on a race condition caused by the removal of a file from shares that will just get published. To be added on eMule, too.
* Fixed Open File command on categories.
* Fixed detail level on EC tags failing silently on lower values.
* Fixed crash on remote gui if not config folder not existant.
* Created, fixed, killed the --enable-kad-compile switch to enable non-kad compilations during test phase. Now is always compiled.
* Removed platform specific getlocalhost usage.
* Fixed ntohl usage on gap list saving.
* Removed wrong Merkur (c) from php libs (sorry Merkur, but those are ours :P)
* Fixed strings on log categories for protocol.
* Listensocket's fixed for debug on connection accept.
* Multiple Kad searches are allowed now, with independant tabs.
* Debug messages regarding late / unwanted kad searches results.
* Fixed Kad gui search return messages.
* Safety code on shared files' RotateReferences.
* Fixed endiannes on CUInt128::setValueBE / CUInt128::toByteArray
* Fixed ENDIAN_SWAP_**(x) definitions to use the proper wxUINT**_SWAP_ON_BE/ON_LE/ALWAYS macros.
* Publishing of keywords (shared files) works now on Kad.
* Implemented Kad GUI.
* Fixed low speed connection to sources when only connected to kad
* Fixed Kad callback of lowid sources.
* Fixed Kad usage when ED2K is disabled.
* No more auto-reconnect on disconnect (woops).
* Speed up catch and proper window ID on HTTP download class.
* Added wxIdleEvent::SetMode(wxIDLE_PROCESS_SPECIFIED) to app startup, cutting CPU usage a lot. Go figure.
* Changed the socket destruction to socket's Safe_Delete.
* Fixed a GetUDPPort usage where GetEffectiveUDPPort should be.
* Added UDP socket warnings on unknown errors.
* Client UDP socket error handling rewritten.
* Fixed UDP socket heap vs stack problems.
* Proper check for libgd (Sorry!).
* Showing Kad state on conection for fast reference.
* Added some code to catch unhandled exceptions on kad and report them, so we know what's going on.
* Fix for crash/assert on wrong permisions on cryptkey.dat.
* Fixes for daemon compilation on OnRun usage.
* Fixed a Crash on Kad caused by packet constructor deataching the data, causing a double-delete.
* Safety code for uncatched exceptions.
* Some changes to packet processing.
* Fixed a big mem bug on Kad.
* Fixed a bug with iterator usage in SearchManager.cpp
* Fixed a bug on PARTSIZE calculation that could lead to insanely large partsizes.
* Fixed possible buffer overflow on gap saving
* Fixed the RSB of this release. you know, one per release. (for those that are new to aMule, RSB = random socket bug)
* Cleaned, cleaned, cleaned code.
* Fixed:
  * 0000492: aMule gui fails to compile when using wxMotif 2.6.1
  * 0000514: Not all common file types recognized as Audio
  * 0000516: crash after repeated search
  * 0000646: right click on transfer files randomly disabled
  * 0000659: disconnect button might not disconnect kad and block it's function
  * 0000661: windows consistency
  * 0000662: amulecmd crashes on invalid pause command
  * 0000671: open file on double-click
  * 0000691: connect/disconnect button is still broken
  * 0000704: servers connection cancel button
  * 0000715: prefs -> general -> "downloadlist dblclick to expand" option is broken or something
  * 0000716: prefs -> seeds save, wrong text
  * 0000718: more systray ignoring kad
  * 0000719: searches -> extended -> min size vs max size
  * 0000730: statistics connections graph Range requires restart
  * 0000729: search query string parser
  * 0000732: more brackets related bugs
  * 0000733: download button activated when search fails
  * 0000734: non-restored icon in Directories -> share

lfroen:

* PHP engine implementation for amuleweb
* Porting web templates to PHP script

lupz:

* Kad speed improvements.
* Kad sources search improvements.
* Fixed manual bootstrapping via the Kad dialog.
* Properly swap IPs when doing logging in Kad.
* Avoid trying to close the file multiple times when resuming a part-file that failed to complete.

Phoenix:

* Removed wxGTK and wxGTK-devel dependencies from the spec file. They don't work on all distros, even worse, don't always work with Fedora Core.
* Created a new spec file, compliant with Fedora Core.
* Fixed a crash when aMule was shut down by amulecmd and an assert happened.
* Fixed asserts on exit about non-empty lists when aMule was shut down by amulecmd.
* Small compilation fixes.
* Fixed deadlock in ClientUDPSocket.cpp.
* Crash handler improovement, avoid calling functions that may allocate memory.
* Fixed some compile warnings in WebServer.cpp.
* Fixed a crash in SharedFilesWnd.cpp due to aMule beeing now multithreaded.
* Changed wait4 to waitpid in amule.cpp, to improove compatibility with old HP-UX systems.

Ramiro:

* Patches to compile on a NSLU2 (ARM).

RazZziel:

* Changes on parent ownership on windows. Partially fixes 0000690: List of windows that can be overlapped by main window and leave aMule apparently freezed

schtroumpf:

* File rating in search dialog.
* New file rating icons.
* Replaced file rating good/bad with a rating average like in emule.
* Amule submits file rating to the server.

Seagull:

* Fixed a small bug on client list view.

shakraw:

* Merged with 2.0.3 latest fixes (r4630, r4631, r4633, r4639)

stefanero:

* Fixed cas,wxCas and xas infos for Kad when only connected to Kad
* Imported amps in aMule source

thedude0001:

* Added CVS snapshot date to frame title.
* Fixed #560: "aMuleWebDLG and aMuleCMDDLG do not report version"

volpol:

* A4AF transfer speed display fix

Xaignar:

* Fixed the possibility of crashing when sending a message to a non- friend client, caused by the fact that the client could be deleted before the user entered the message. Also prevented attempts at sending messages clients that wern't ready.
* Fixed crash when '--version' was used, caused by an uninitialized pointer. Serveral other uninitialized pointers were also fixed.
* Fixed assert in the Type-To-Select code which would trigger when items were removed and the old tts index pointed past the last item.
* Fixed kad-searches with a filetype specified not producing any results, caused by using obsolete type-strings.
* Added missing calls to va_end at places where va_start is called.
* Remove unneeded calls to wxMutexGuiEnter/Leave.
* Fixed the listctrls asserting if one were to click past the end of the last column header.
* Fixed unhandled-exception handling in unittests, which had been broken when they were made console apps.
* Fixed sscanf call in PHP lexer, which had switched the source and the format arguments.
* Performed audit of printf type calls. Serveral bugs caused by using the wrong printf variant were fixed in the webserver. All instances of calls to sprintf variants were changed to snprintf to prevent buffer overruns and calls to printf that passed a dynamic string as the format string were changed to prevent using untrusted format strings. Lastly a few places where widechar and char where mixed were fixed.
* Avoided checking the same folders multiple times when looking for shared files, by ensuring that duplicate entries (from categories, etc) are ignored.
* Fixed minor mem-leak in CTimer.
* Deleting a static server now also removes it from the static list.
* Fixed disabling of graphs while the prefs-dialog is still open.
* Fixed logging on UDP-sockets displaying an integer value rather than a dot-IP.
* Made the ipfilter.dat URL field independant of the auto-update check-box, to allow for easier manual updates.
* Fixed log-events not being written the logfile on full daemon.
* Improved displaying of errors when starting the webserver from amuled.
* Allow resuming of files that error'd out during completetion.
* When checking if a file is already being downloaded/shared, check if the actual file is still available. This allows redownloading of shared files that have been removed, without having to reload the list of shared files.
* Added checks to see if the target filesystem is fat32 when completing files, and removing known illegal chars in that case.
* Important log-lines are now bolded in the log textctrl.
* Redirect wxWidget log-events to the aMule log. This avoid the popups that wxWidgets would display by default.
* Made the unittests proper wxConsoleApps.
* Open the preferences dialog non-modally, so that it doesn't block the main GUI.
* Switched manual path-joining to using the generic function.
* Fixed the "pause all" and "cancel all" commands via remote.
* Fixed bad replies on sharedfiles-list requests when public viewing of the list is disabled.
* When a message is filtered, always display the "Message filtered ..." log-entry instead of the "New message ..", rather than only displaying the "Message filtered" the first time, and then only the "New Message" the following times.
* Cleaned up the file-completion thread and fixed the following:
  * If creation or starting of the thread failed, the file would silently fail to complete.
  * If the file was renamed, the download queue show the old name.
  * If the file was renamed and didn't have an extension, the "(x)" component would be added to the front of the filename.
  * When checking for unused filenames, if an file with the same name exists, the path would be a changed to the standard incoming folder regardles of the file's category.
  * wxFileExists was used to check for the existance of the files, possibly leading to false negatives with unicoded filenames.
* Fixed files being added in stopped-mode when the "Add downloads in paused mode" setting was enabled. Since the "Start next ..." works on paused files, this makes more sense.
* Fixed bug #513. When "Start next ..." and "Same category .." was enabled, we would still select downloads from the wrong category, when there was still paused files in the desired category.
* Changed the StopPausedFile from actually stopping the file to simply clearing the sources, as this is the intended goal. Stopping the file was wrong, considering that it would leave a window of one hour in which the "Start next paused download" code would be useful.
* Added generic function for joining two paths.
* Dont allow renaming of downloads that are being completed.
* Made the comment-list dialog resizable.
* Enabled use of tool-tips on all wx-variants.
* Fixed Kad-Info and ED2K-Info lists not having any scroll-bars.
* Fixed compressed Kad packets having the wrong procotol set. Thanks to Gnucco for the pointing this out.
* Only show the root-item circle for incomplete part-files.
* Prevent the adding of friends without IPs, via the clientlistctrl.
* Fixed serveral problems caused by the reuse of the preferences dialog window.
* Improved the popup menu on the downloads listctrl.
* Fixed starting of next download being called under the wrong conditions when files were deleted via remote.
* Dropped the HTML version of ed2k-links.
* Fixed shutdown of the amulegui when the systray is enabled.
* Fixed bug #359. The preferences dialog is now reused between sessions, so the last used page and the state of the shared-files tree is remembered.
* Only enable the host-version of ed2k-links when a hostname has been specified (still no perferences widget for this).
* Fixed bug #700. The partfile conversion window is now raised properly when the button is clicked again (doesn't work with gtk1).
* Improved logging in CFile in situations where system-calls are used.
* Improved permissions checks for the .aMule folder. Also added checks for the Temp and Incoming folders.
* Fixed an unconditional Close call when creating part-files, which happened even if opening the file failed.
* Fixed the names of friends being cleared on the chat-notebook when the clientobject disconnected.
* Ensures that both the downloadlistctrl and sharedfileslistctrl are both up to date when a file has been renamed. Also switched to using the same dialog on both listctrls.
* Check for items being sorted was moved to the CMuleListCtrl class, and to fix flickering on the server-list and and searchresult-lists, which is caused by insertions and deletions, the list is resorted instead, if an item is out of order after an update.
* Drop the use of jugle.net. It's dead, Jim!
* Changed the 'Clear' button on the search-page to only clear search-results. The 'Reset' button now takes care of the text-field and any extra parameter-fields. Serveral fixes were made to make sure all fields were properly cleared.
* Properly set filtering on newly added search-results.
* Fixed broken sanity check in AddDownload
* Bug #688. Made the popup menu on the searchlistctrl similar to those on the downloadlistctrl and sharedfileslist.
* Added serveral missing exception-handlers.
* Ensured that the internal libs are only built when needed.
* Fixed ed2k-links causing duplicate entries on the download-queue and made the sanity checks in AddDownload safer.
* Made the interal CryptoPP files part of the one of the temporary libraries to avoid building it three times (amule, amuled, amulegui).
* Removed printf-call from signal-handler.
* Unified download-handling on the search-page and fixed the download button, which was broken by previous commits.
* Fixed a leak in the UDP sockets which occurs when packets are sent via a dead or closed socket object.
* GetInstallPrefix is broken on wxWidgets 2.6.2, so only use it when building autopackages (since we can patch the sources).
* Improved logging in case of clients requesting invalid file-data.
* Cleaned up autoconfigure files a bit.
* Added sanity checks to the downloadqueue's AddDownload function to catch this, should the problem appear again.
* Added checks to avoid loading duplicate partfiles, since downloads are identified by the hash. A warning is now issued when this happens.
* Add a "Download in category" sub-menu to the right-click menu on searchresult lists and moved download handling to CSearchListCtrl. This fixes bug #673.
* Specify if debugging was enabled on version strings.
* Ctrl+a now select all items on listctrls.
* Make aMule relocatable in regards to locales, and amuleweb relocateable in regards to templates. This is needed to allow usage of autopackage.
* RotateReferences() now properly handles shifts larger than the number of files present and use std::rotate.
* Files that are larger than the limit imposed by the ed2k network are now filtered from search-results.
* Fixed drawing of the first column on the shared-files list, caused by the upgrades to the listctrl code.
* Made one-shot CTimers interruptable and fixes a memleak in the Start functions caused by not freeing old threads.
* Upgraded our included listctrl with the bugfixes from v2.6.1 and v2.6.2 of wxWidgets.
* Fixed a couple of AICH log messages that were mixing unicoded strings and non-unicoded strings.
* Made middle-clicking on the client-list work in the same way as middleclicking on the downloadqueue, and cleaned up click- handling in general.
* Fixes the overhead-handling code in CTimer which wouldn't check if overhead was larger than the period, resulting in calls to Sleep with an underflown value. Also fixed events possibly being lost due to overhead.
* Fixes crashes due to uncaught read-past-EOF exceptions when a cliented requested a block from a file past the end of the actual file-length.
* If aMuled is run and ECs are enabled and no password is set, dont reset the EC setting, but rather display instructions that specify what to do before terminating.
* Added warning which will be displayed if aMule is run as root, which is adviced against for obvious reasons.
* Removed the --disable-systray configure option, since extra libraries are not required now. To disable the systray now, simply use the preferences.
* Removed support for wxWidgets version older than v2.6.0. Support for wxWidgets 2.4.2 had been broken for a while, without anyone complaining, and the v2.6.x branch has been out for long enough to make usage of the v2.5.x branch nonsensical.
* Added workarounds for the wxWidgets memleak when using GTK2 on versions of wxWidgets < 2.6.2 to the remaining places where this would occur.
* Changed failure on file-seeking into a catchable exception, rather than a runtime error.
* Fixed a crash on shutdown caused by the listensocket now being closed which caused a call to Accept to return NULL.
* Fixed compilation with GCC-4.1 (snapshot).
* Syncronized look of client-icons on download-queue and the client-lists (upload, queued, all), so that all display the same information.
* Display an icon when downloads have comments but no rating, and added the same icons for both to the shared-files list, making it easier to keep track of what files are commented/rated.
* Fixed all warnings reported by -Wshadow and -Wundef.
* Added the compiler-flags -Wshadow and -Wundef, and changed configuration such that warnings are enabled for both debug and non-debug builds.
* Largly reworked the CTimer class:
  * Fixed all timers sending events with the same ID.
  * Removed use of static variables which would cause troubles if more than one repeat-timer was used.
  * Ensured that no event would be sent if the timer was stopped while sleeping.
  * Improved thread-safely a lot and made the threads detachable.
  * Added function for terminating all timer-thread on shutdown, so that no timer-threads will be left running.
* Fixed SSE2 support check in the embedded cryptoPP code, for gcc-4.
* Fixed a couple of bugs caused by variable-shadowing.
* Flush log-buffers when waiting for either of the hashing threads to terminate.
* Removed manipulation of gui-mutex in AICH thread, which are no longer needed due to changes in log-handling.
* Removed local variable which shadowed a variable when checking if a client was a friend. This caused the friend to link to said client even after the client had been deleted, since the client would not unlink itself from the friend.
* Only store the descriptions of IP-Ranges for the ipfilter on debug-builds, since this value is not used on non-debug builds and can account for serveral MB of used memory.
* Fixed new-connections being opened on shutdown and the new clients being created. This should fix the assertion in CClientList.
* Added a call to wxUpdateUIEvent's SetMode function, to reduce the ammount of unnessesary events being generated.
* Fixed clearing of background for list-items that do not have a background color set.
* Resized a couple of buttons that were too small to display their image. This fixes bug #648.
* Improved double-buffering of listctrls a bit.
* Fixed auto-sorting checks on the server-list, which were inverted, causing items that were already sorted to be re-position and so forth. This was the source of the large ammount of flicker on the server list.
* Fixed the "Time Remaining" column on the downloadqueue when no downloads were taking place.
* Removing unneeded checks for fat32 filesystems.
* Improved handling of closing of the preferences dialog.
* Changing kad-nodes label to display "Nodes (0)" by default.
* Force the UBT to take a increasingly longer nap between loops when it fails to send anything, which ensures that it wont go bananas it is unable to upload at the specified rate. This would happen for instance if the limit is set to a value higher than the physical connection limit. This fixes bug #606.
* Re-added the node count above the kad-graph, and a few other changes.
* Removing unused color-setting, which was causing problems with the kad-graph. For this change to take effect, you will have to remove your StatColor* entrires from amule.conf.
* Fixed bug on the kad-nodes statistics, where entries added while the dialog was not displayed would have the value of zero. This fixed bug #652.
* Fix for selecting tabs (+ popup menu) via right-clicking on GTK2.
* Allow previewing of audio-files, fixing bug #654.
* Reworked the ED2KLink class:
  * Simplified parsing a lot.
  * Moved the task of handling sources specified in file-links almost entirely to the download queue.
  * Improved error checking.
  * Implemented handling (not just parsing) of part-hashes and master-hashes specified via file-links.
  * Fixed support for multiple sources in a file link, which fixes bug #506
* Properly replicate file permissions when copying files via the UTF8_CopyFile function. Also removed an unneeded free/malloc set of calls by allocating on the stack.
* Added the ability to execute commands when a download has been completed and removed some unimplemented options from the preferences. This fixes bug #152.
* Update the "clients on queue" count when purging clients. This should resolve bug #478.
* Properly disable filtering on searches when filtering is supposed to be disabled. This approach does also not remove the existing search-string if filtering is toggled on and off.
* Fixed the kad-statistics using the colors of the download-statistics rather than its own settings.
* Implementing kad-node graph. This patch does not add support for the graphs on the webserver.
* Removing trailing "i"s from time values created by CastSecondsToHM.
* Reduced log verbosity when deleting downloads.
* Sync deletion of items on friend, download and server lists via the Delete key. This resolves bug #649.
* We now completly disallow the sharing of the users home-dir.
* Changed the check for file-size in the hasher-thread, which was using a too large value, greater than what is actually supported by the ed2k network.
* Fixed compilation on the x86 version of MacOSX.
* Added specialization of the CRangeMap class which doesn't contain a user-value per range, dubbed CRangeSet.
* Added the IP and port of friends to the initial text when opening a chat window. This should more easily allow for adding of clients to the friends list if they message us. This is not a final solution.
* Added sanity checks to CStatisticsDlg's getColors function.
* Changed some CList instances to stl containers.
* Fixed bug in CKnownFile where auto-priorities would be updated before the source had been added to the list.
* Improved testing of CRangeMap's iterator classes.
* Final changes to CFile, CMemFile and CFileDataIO:
  * Documentation of the classes and functions completed.
  * Completed unittests for CSafeFileIO, CFile, CMemFile.
  * Changed systems calls to explicitly use 64b calls on win32 systems, since win32 uses 32b calls by default.
  * Lots of other small improvements.
* When sorting search-results by type, sort items with the same type by their extensions.
* Added the hotkey Ctrl-Q for closing aMule.
* Dont store the results of unittest that didn't fail when executed, since we ignore successes anyway. This causes a great speedup on some tests, where a large number of checks are made.
* Set the update frequency for the statistics, fixing bug #637.
* Strip 's from paths set via amule-config-file, resolving bug #638.
* Reworked the TTS implementation, so that control-sequences are passed to the widget, improved walking through the list by repeatedly pressing a letter and finally fixed the use of arrow-keys on some locales.
* Also clear the log-line (lower-left) when the log is reset.
* Replaces a few "wxASSERT(x); if (!x) return" with wxCHECK(x)s.
* Force an update when the file has been completed, which allows the DownloadListCtrl to detect that a file has been completed.
* Optimized the unicode-conversion functions, which were causing unneeded copies to be made.
* Only enable the clear-completed button and menu-item when there are completed items. This resolves bug #403.
* Fixes deadlock triggered when a UDP socket tried to recover.
* Fixed compilation for 64b systems, caused by mismatching parameter types in a pure-virtual function.
* Improved sanity checking of DNS resolutions in CServerUDPSocket.
* Fixed a few calls to CFile's Create function, which were using a wrong parameter type for the second argument.
* Changed MuleUnit to output results as soon as possible.
* Added generic CMuleUDPSocket class, which unifies common tasks such sending, receiving, error-handling and interfacing with the UploadBandwidthThrottler. I also included a recovery mechanism for when a socket becomes invalid, which fixes bug #489.
* Fixed crashes when kad is enabled but the ClientUDP-socket is not.
* Fixes names not being prepended to debug messages.
* Fixed potential mem-leak on the download-queue.
* Fixed secondary sort-ordering on the download-queue.
* Changed source-handling so that we can distinguish between sources returned from the local server and sources returned from global servers.
* Added debugging messages for when sources are received from an unknown file.
* Removed remaining fake-check stuff and fixed assert repported by stefanero, caused by a bit of fake-check code left behind.
* Changed handling of log-entries from worker-threads, so that these are queued rather than sent immediatly. This is needed since adding a pending event requires locking of the gui-mutex, which easily leads to deadlocks.
* Fixed race-condition in the download-queue, where multiple DNS resolution threads could be created for the same hostname.
* Fixed an assertion in the kad-dialog caused by an insertion at an invalid index. This only happened for some versions of wxWidgets.
* Fixed color-updating of items being downloaded from the search-lists.
* Re-implemented rating icons on search-result lists using the builtin support for icons on wxListCtrls. This saves us from having to manually draw everything and fixes the crash on using TTS.
* Fixed a bug in the ObservableQueue class, which would cause UDP requests to servers to be done only once, whereafter no further requests would be made. This was the source of the problem with aMule not finding sources for newly added files.
* Fixed a race-condition in aMule when shutting down while a global search is running. This should resolve bug #563.
* Reworked the CServerUDPSocket class a bit, most importantly, changed it so that servers being deleted while we are doing a DNS lookup on their hostname cant result in accessing of dangling pointers. This should bug #581.
* Fixed bug #558. Sources not being sorted when the download-queue was sorted by the "Time Remaining" column.
* Cleaned up file-ratings and comments handling:
  * Dropped the m_hasRating and m_hasBadRating booleans, as these can be infered from the value itself.
  * Dropped the SetHasComment and SetHasRating functions, as this is more safely handled in UpdateFileRatingCommentAvail.
  * Cleaned up the UpdateFileRatingCommentAvail function since it was rather messy.
  * Removed a unnescesarry call to Notify_DownloadCtrlUpdateItem in the function ProcessMuleCommentPacket, since this is already done in the UpdateFileRatingCommentAvail function.
* Added sanity checks to the code that made use of said file-ratings.
* Added sanity checks against file-ratings read from other clients, since we later rely on these values to be in a specific range.
* Fixed some uninitialized variables.
* Make ascending the default sort-order and fixed loading of the sort-order in the CMuleListCtrl class.
* Added a missing call to Skip in the TTS event-handler for item selections, so that subclasses will still be notified.
* Reworked CMuleListCtrl and added support for "Type To Select", or the ability to select items by typing parts of their name. The selection is made against the start of the text-strings and is case-insensitive.
* Fixed some more warnings.
* Fixed compilation problems with external CryptoPP sources, caused by a preprocessor define which clashed with a variable name.
* Changed the length parameters of the read-funtions in the CFileDataIO interface to be unsigned, since signed lengths doesn't make any sense in this regard and makes error-checking harder.
* Merged checks for the ARM and Sparc architectures.
* Changed a call to bzero to memset, since win32 doesn't have bzero.
* Fixed remaning issues with template usage in MuleUnit.
* Cleaned up error handling in CClientUDPSocket a bit, and added error-checks to CServerUDPSocket. This should allow us to see if the INVSOCK errors are local to CClientUDPSocket or if they happen to all wxDataGramSockets.
* Added check requiring a valid port to CClientUDPSocket's SendPacket function, since we apprently tried to send to port 0 once in a while.
* Moved adding of sources read from seeds files out of the exception-handler, to avoid the obscuring of possible bugs elsewhere.
* Final touches made on the CMemFile class, which includes cleanups, improved error-checking and complete documentation.
* Added missing destructor to CUInt128, which was causing compilation failure for some GCC-4 users.
* Fixed an attempt to fprintf a wide-char string.
* Enabled the use of kad with wxWidget versions 2.5.x.
* Improved handling of uncaught exceptions in MuleUnit and changed the library from being an actual wx application, since we only need to make use of wxWidgets classes.
* Expanded the CFormat testcases a bit, to better cover use of illegal values and the checks against those.
* Improved checking of value convertions in CFormat, now properly detects nagative values converted to signed values and signed to negative, plus some other situations.
* Fixed format-strings in the statistics-tree that did not specify a type large enough to actually represent the possible values.
* Disabled certian tool-tips for wxWidgets-2.4.2, since the calls made use of functions that were introduced in wxWidgets-2.6.x.
* Moved archive-unpacking functions from the HTTP-thread to FileFunctions.*. This allows for compressed files to be read both when the source is the inbuilt HTTP downloader, or if a compressed file (ipfilter.dat or server.met) is explicitly moved to the .aMule folder.
* Changed C++ style comments in C sources to using C style comments.
* Added check against trying to write NULL pointers in the CFileDataIO WriteStringCore function.
* Added some initial tests for the string reading and writing functions to the CFileDataIO unittests.
* Removed the RepeatLastAction stuff from CClientReqSocket.
* Fixed the check for BOM-header failing on strings that were 3 bytes long (an empty string).
* Fixed empty UTF8 strings with BOM headers not having the header written, even though we had already written a length which included the header.
* Changed CSafeFileIO's ReadUInt128 to return an instance, which simplified usage and matches the other Read-functions.
* Added missing exception-handler to CIndexed in case of invalid tags.
* Marked the log-event triggered when an IP was filtered as non-crticial, since this event isn't critical and can be very common depending on the ipfilters used.
* Changed unittests for CFormat when empty strings were specified for a field of type '%s', since some implementations of printf produced different results than others, making it impossible to check against those.
* Fixed unittests for reading of UInt128 values which didn't consider endianess.
* Changed the use of Cmp to either '==' or '!=' to improve readability, and simplified the sorting of the server-list when sorting by name to only use the displayed name, since the special cases that were being considered led to unpredictable results.
* Fixed non-wxbase apps not terminating properly.
* Fixed adding of comments to shared files.
* Properly implemented a couple of functions for the remote version of the DownloadQueue, which did not match the signatures of the normal class.
* Changed CMuleListCtrl's SetSortFunc to public, so that subclassing isn't required in order to sort a list.
* Dropped the "otherfunctions" namespace, since we ignored it almost everywhere anyway, via the "using" keyword.
* Updated CFileDataIO unit-tests.
* Fixed UpdateState getting called on clients after they had been deleted (in some cases) and moved the call to the CUpDownClient destructor.
* Made CTag and CPacket unassignable.
* Renamed ReadHash16 and WriteHash16 functions of CFileDataIO, and changed them to return instances and take const references of CMD4Hashes, rather deal with char*. A few other places were similary changed.
* Dropped the static Exists function from CFile, as it is simpler to just call wxFileExists directly.
* Removed the ability to attach/deattach file-destriptors to a CFile.
* Merged handling of seeking in the CSafeFileIO interface.
* Some more changes to CMemFile:
  * Making seek const and dropped resizing of the buffer if it seek'd past the end.
  * Made the class uncopyable and unassignable.
  * Changed the constructor that takes an external buffer to take a char* rather than a const char*, since the class allow for modifications of attached buffers.
  * Removed the growth-rate from the attached-buffer constuctor, as we dont make use of it and should avoid it in any case.
  * Added sanity check for the length passed to the SetLength function, to avoid accepting negative values.
  * Other misc changes.
* Removed the ability to detach a buffer from a CMemFile and the accessor function that returned the current buffer. Instead, we now simply use the Read function, which is equivalent of what we did before in any case, but safer.
* Unified the logging of packets received from other clients, so that the type of packet received is always logged, as is the cause in case of an error.
* Fixed a couple of assertions which had the checks inverted.
* Merged CFile and CSafeFile. Checks on reads and writes are now performed in the CFileDataIO base class. The CFileIO class used in kad was updated to handle this, though it currently only understands EOF exceptions. This completes the majority of the changes resolving around the usage of exceptions.
* Fix compilation error that would only trigger on some versions of GCC, even though the code appears to be illegal.
* Disabled pragmas when building unittests.
* More fixes in MuleUnit for templates.
* Disabled logging when running unittests.
* Changed CFileDataIO to use the new IO exception types, which allows for better error handling (i.e. EOF exceptions, IO read/write failures) and prepared for making use of the IO failure exceptions.
* Reorganized, and removed some includes.
* Fixed a couple of places that threw exceptions by pointer.
* Moved exception handling from CServer to CServerList when loading servers, which better allows for handling of invalid servers.
* Fixed some debug-strings which were wrongly marked for translation.
* Added IO-exception types, which will be used by CFileDataIO.
* Moved exception handling from CFriend to CFriendList when loading the list of friends, so we can stop trying to read a bad list.
* Added missing include to MemFile.cpp
* Changed some runtime-error checks from throwing the CInvalidPacket class to instead using the MULE_VALIDATE_* checks.
* Simplified the usage of CTags by changing the getter functions to throw an exception if the function didn't match the type of the tag. This allowed for the elimination of explicit checks in most places where CTags are used.
* Initialized an uninitialized variable in CContact.
* Fixed stack-trace parsing for files with '+' in the name.
* Improved exception handling in the CTag constructor would could leak if the tag had a string name and reading the body raised an exception, or if the tag was a blob and reading the body failed.
* Added checks for code that uses the CTag class, since just assuming that a tag with a specific id is of a specific type is unsafe. Also changed the getter functions to return a default value should they be called on a tag of the wrong type to avoid crashes in that case. Finally, we no longer just ignore unknown tag-types, instead we throw an exception. This is needed because we cannot determine the length of the unknown tag, and thus can't skip it, making further reads from the input file suspect.
* Largely reworked the use of exceptions. Catch(...) is out, only to be used when memory-leaks are to be avoided. This insures that unexpected exceptions can be detected.
* Removed an exception handler that didn't have anything to catch.
* Changed CreateHashFromInput to use the CSafeFileIO interface and to safely handle exceptions without leaking. Also removed some definitions of MFC debug-macros and replaced them with wx macros.
* Fixed the largefile-checks under windows.
* Changed CMemFile and CFile to implemenations of the CSafeFileIO interface. CSafeFile was moved to CFile.* to avoid circular dependancies.
* Dropped the CSafeMemFile which didn't provide any extra functionality and instead made CMemFile derive from CSafeFile.
* Simplified CFile a bit, in preparation for larger changes:
  * Removed the Length() function, since there is also GetLength().
  * Removed duplicate definition of seek enums.
* Changed the checks for large-file support so that users wouldn't have to export the LD_LIBRARY_PATH variable or similar when running configure.
* Updated CIPFilter documentation.
* Changed the ipfilter class from just asserting on invalid ranges to not actually inserting them, since that would cause undefined behavior.
* Compilation-fix for Mandrake Linux.
* Added checks against largefile support to configure.
* Added helper-function that returns the length of a file, without having to open it first.
* Moved the loading of the ipfilter-files so that they are loaded before the server.met file is loaded. This ensures that the servers are filtered when start aMule.
* Fixed some problems in MuleUnit when used with templates.
* Fixed the CheckNewVersion function, which would crash on failure.
* Dropped extra verbosity from CFormat's assertions, since they now produce backtraces anyway.
* Moved backtrace functions to the MuleDebug.* files and added backtraces to uncaught exceptions.
* Improved assertion-handling on shutdown and other situations.
* Increased the verbosity of assertions in CFormat.
* Fixed the "Is Textfile?" check which didn't handle whitespace.
* Added support for gzipped ipfilter.dat files and added checks that should ensure that we only try to parse text-files.
* Added function for converting long-longs to strings in MuleUnit.
* Moved some functions not part of the CFile class from the CFile.* files to FileFunctions.*.
* Fixed a bug where shared files could be added to the shared-files ctrl multiple times.
* Fixed the hasher-thread, where the wxMutexGuiLeave function was called twice and improved error-checking on thread-creation. Lastly moved static variables from the header, since they need not be specified there.
* Removed non-functional hack from CClientUDPSocket, which would cause an infinate loop when triggered.
* Improved handling of assertions that occur during startup.
* When adding sources, add the source to the appropriate file first, before trying to update comments and ratings availability.
* Removed a couple of checks against 'this' being NULL.
* Changed the handling of UDP requests for sources, so that the locally connected server would be entirely skipped, instead of the packets just being discarded.
* Fixed a number of places where attempts were made to catch by pointer, even though the exception was thrown by value.
* Removed various unused variables.
* Fixed a bug in the download queue which would result in duplicate entries on the queue for local source-requests. At the moment this did not result in any problems since all entries were removed from the queue once sources had been requested for the file.
* Removed the 'h' modifier from a number of format-strings where the field type is 's', since that modifier does not apply to that type.
* Simplified mule-exceptions and added more information to the unhandled-exception handler.
* Added unittests for CSimpleParser.
* Removed the need for exception-handling in CSafeFileIO's ReadOnlyString function, by allocating the buffer on the stack.
* Fixed potential deadlock in CClientUDPSocket that could trigger when an error occured during receiving.
* Removed a number of overloaded functions from the CSafeMemFile, since neither of those added any functionality. Also fixed a bug in the checks against reads past the end, that checked against the buffer-size rather than the (possibly smaller) file-length.
* Marked CFile's GetLength() function as virtual.
* Removed the unused class CSafeBufferedFile, which didn't implement buffered file-IO anyway.
* Added the ability to filter search-results. The filter select which entries are displayed and supports regular-expressions. See www.wxwidgets.org/manuals/2.6.2/wx_wxresyn.html for an overview of the syntax. Also added the ability to filter known files from the results.
* Added sanity checks on values read when loading settings for lists.
* The middle mouse button now opens the details-dialog for sources and files when clicking on the download-queue.
* Fixed sort-arrows on listsctrls not being displayed after startup.
* Set the background color of the chat textctrls to white, in order to ensure that the text stays readable regardles of the theme used.
* Largly changed the way ipfilter.dat files are handled by the ipfilter class:
  * When updating the list of ip-ranges, either via the reload button or the update-from-url functionality, the existing ranges are dropped to allow for dropping of ranges no longer to be filtered.
  * In order to allow for ip-ranges specified by the user, a second file has been added (ipfilter_static.dat), which is always loaded after the normal ipfilter.dat file, so that it takes precedense.
  * When either of the two ipfilter files don't exist, a template file is created which contains a description of the use that that file.
  * When loading zipped ipfilter files, the files are unpacked in place. Doing so largely elimates the overhead compared to loading normal files.
  * Moved loading of the ipfilter.dat files, so that it done after the GUI has been loaded.
* Removed the unused ExternalConnClientThread class.
* Merged two copies of the validateURI function in StringFunctions.* and fixed a mem-leak.
* Simplified the Update() function in the ipfilter-class, removing the use of special cases when calling it.
* Moved custom tokenizing code from the ipfilter-class to a seperate class and dropped a couple of custom functions that didn't provide enough of a performance boost to warrent the extra code.
* Added unittests for the StringIPtoUint32 function, updated the documentation for the function and fixed the bugs that appeared:
  * The last field was not restricted to the range 0..255.
  * Fields containing huge values could overflow to negative values and would not be caught by the sanity checks.
* Changed ASSERT_EQUALS so that descriptions only gets created in case of a failed comparison, since this would otherwise result in the attempted deference of end iterators and the like.
* Moved the RLE classes to a seperate set of source files.
* Removed probematic `operator<()` template function from WebServer.*, and replaced it with a specialized struct. This was required since the \< operator would be instantiated for incorrect data-types.
* Updated documentation for the CFormat class.
* Dropped support for long doubles in CFormat and merged handling of the other floating-point types.
* Improved CFormat unittest, which was cluttered by serveral variables with too similar names.
* Fixed the ASSERT_EQUALS macro in MuleUnit, which would previously evaluate parameters multiple times.
* Removed the unused NeedUTF8String() function.
* Fixed master-hash parsing for ed2klinks, which would always fail due to a couple of assertions that had been badly translated into exception.
* Changed the way clients are deleted on shutdown, to help detect the presence of dangling pointers caused by incorrect removals.
* Fixed bug #494. Clients with score zero not being considered as candidates for uploading.
* Fixed a few warnings.
* Improved handling of uncaught exceptions in the MuleUnit framework.
* Added unittests for the CFormat class and fixed discovered errors:
  * Improved handling of string format fields.
  * Fixed a < comparison of 0 against a wxString which caused segfaults.
  * Fixed the range checking code which would fail in some cases.
  * Fixed escaped percentage signs.
  * Added the missing implementation of IsReady().
  * Improved adherence to printf as specific in 'man 3 printf'.
* Added unittests for the CRangeMap class and fixed the errors that cropped up while writing said tests:
  * The assignment operator didn't return *this.
  * The equality operator was broken.
  * The erase function was broken.
  * Also changes ASSERTS to MULE_VALIDATE_PARAMS to enable testing and ensure that the controlflow stays the same for debug and non-debug builds.
* Added a minimalistic unittesting framework called MuleUnit, which is based on the EasyUnit framework (http://easyunit.sourceforge.net/). The build target 'check' compiles and runs all existing unittests.
* Fixed crash in CClientUDPSocket caused by two threads trying to send and receive at the same time.
* Removed unused Pause() function from UBT.
* Fixed inf. loop in CClientUDPSocket, caused by poor error-handling.
* Rewrote some poorly phrased messages.
* Fixed uploaded data not being recorded in statistics.
* Compilation fixes for wxGTK-2.4.2.
* Removed the unused 'MakefileWin32' file.
* Fixed crash in sockets that were destroyed after the UBT thread.
* Improved source handling for known-files:
  * Fixed the possibility of source-counts getting out of sync.
  * Optimized source-removal slightly.
  * Added extra debugging checks to spot potential problems.
* Changed access to vector of source statuses from using the [] operator to using the at function, to see if out-of-bounds access was causing a specific crash.
* Imported the UploadBandwidthThrottler from eMule, which should help ensure that upload-limits are more closely followed.

Special Thanks To:

* All the translaters who did such a great and fast job.
