---
slug: 2.1.1
title: "aMule 2.1.1"
date: 2006-03-18
tags: [release]
---

*Release name: The 'There can be only two! Point one! Point one!' version*

GonoszTopi:

* Fixed sources coming from an 'Unknown' origin.

ken:

* Fixed Mac aMule showing erroneous version number in Get Info.
* Disabled the HTTP download progress dialog on Mac (again) because it causes crashes.
* Suppressed an error dialog on failure to lookup the host's domain name.  Demoted it to just a message in the log.
* Fixed a bug in ed2kHelperScript.app (the Mac ed2k link handler) which prevented it from working properly if there was a space in the path to the aMule application.  Thanks to Gomaaz for finding this bug.
* Eliminated false reports of failure to execute the on-completion command.  This happened with amuled and an on-completion command which completes quickly.  Thanks to s0undt3ch for reporting this bug.

Kry:

* Fixed a bug on sending sources where sources won't be send to a client uploading from us if he uses multipacket.
* Fixes some crashes, on systray dying, tho not all till wx is patched.
* Fixed some possible problem with userhash generation, that could lead a void userhash.
* Fixed defs.h include on MuleDebug.h causing compilation problems on some systems (must be first wx include).
* Fixed search type "Any"
* Fixed translation of empty strings, which is reserved to gettext and must never be used.
* Fixed the aMule.app container lacking a Frameworks/ folder and thus making the generate_package script fail.
* Fixed compilation of wxCas with wxWidgets CVS (2.7.x)
* Fixed ED2K id wrongly used on kad-only setups.
* Added the --reset-config flag
* Fixed Kad's sources/nodes search results, based on a patch by tatikiran and further modified by John (eMule) and me.
* Removed Razorback 2's stats while it's gone.
* Disabled vertical toolbar on Windows while wxWidgets doesn't fix it.
* Fixed aMule failing to find configuration folder and any folder that finishes with a "\" on windows. This leaded to shared folders not being shared, too.
* Fixed drives on windows not being correctly tested.
* Changed default server.met

Radek:

* Fixed amulemd output not being printed immediatly when running in a mingw terminal.
* Added missing include to GetTickCount.h, which caused the function declaration to be missing in some cases.

Raziel:

* Fixed "0000690 bug for browse windows in amulegui"

Xaignar:

* Fixed problem with recursivly sharing folders that hadn't been expanded in the tree ctrl.
* Improved detection of external Crypto++ versions.
* Fixed somee possibly crashes, caused by failed unicode convertions.
* Improved error-checking when creating the .aMule data folders.
* Fixed problem with searching for files of type 'Program', if a search of a different filetype had been done just before.
* Fixed a problem with shared files, where danling pointers to client objects could be left in some cases.
* Changed the way MD4 hashes are converted from Base16, in order to improve error-checking. This adds aditional safety to places such as parsing of ED2K links and adding of friends.
* Fixed bug where clients would be removed from the list of Kademlia clients if the hash, ID or IP changed. This should only happen when the client is deleted.
* Fixed various problems with logging during startup, including a crash in amuled if an alert was to be displayed.
* Fixed the HTTPDownload dialog by using events rather than relying on being able to pause the main loop when sending notifications. Also properly aMulified the dialog.
* Entries for debug-logging are now always saved to the amule.conf file, to allow amuled users to enable these manually. Before, the entries were only written for enabled debuglog-types.
* Fixed problem in loading of known.met, which would result in duplicate shared files alternating between which file was actually shared. This resulted in statistics for the file being 'lost'.
* Added locking to the ed2k utility, to prevent races when many links added at once.
* Changed the way CFile retrieves the file-length, which was causing problems with files shared from a remote drive.
* Fixed problems with representing 64b values on windows, caused by imcompatible extensions to printf. Thanks to Radek.
* Improved error messages on startup, when a folder is found to have inadequate permissions.
* Fixed problems with identifying reconnecting clients, which would cause a number of problems, including exessive bans.
* Fixing right-clicking (for recursive sharing) only being possible on the directory icon, but not the label.
* Fixed sorting by client-version on the downloadlistctrl (bug #763).
* Changed the sort-order of A4AF sources, so that these are always shown last. This fixes bug #761.
* Fixed assertion in the downloadlistctrl, caused by a bug in wxMemoryDC. This would trigger when a complete file was shown.
* When a missing shared file is encountered, unshare just that file, instead of rechecking everything, since that would cause noticible lag for people sharing many files.
* Fixed exec-on-completion being run even if the file failed to perform its completion.
* Fixed the sanity check for the min/max ext. search parameters, which would cause the min value to be ignored unless a greater value had been set for the max field.
* Fixed unicode searches, caused by mismatching string conversions.
* Adding missing exception-handler to the the function searching for shared files. Without this, a failure to retrieve a filesize would result in aMule terminating.
* Fixed userspecified CPPFLAGS being overwritten by the CXXFLAGS by configure. Thanks to Gerd78.
* Removed references to amulecmdgui and amulewebgui, which had been left behind from when the utilities were removed.
* Overrode wxConsoleAppTraits's WaitForChild function for aMuled, allowing wxExecute to be used asyncroniously. This fixes problems with using the exec-on-completion functionality.
* Improved sanity checks for the TTS implementation.
* Changed paused state to stopped state in some cases, which had been incorrectly changed to paused by myself.
* Added Maximize/Minimize buttons to the file details dialog.
* Fixed dangling pointers left behind, leading to crashes when a server.met file containing dead severs was loaded.

Special Thanks To:

* All the translaters who did such a great and fast job.
