---
slug: 2.2.3
title: "aMule 2.2.3"
date: 2008-12-28
tags: [release]
---

Alfred:

* Fixes to compile with Sun Studio 12.

Gerd78:

* Fix for linking with a static bfd library.

GonoszTopi:

* Fixed improper handling of EC connection failures.
* Fix for shells not properly handling empty lists.
* POSIX fixes in shell code.
* Made not finding GeoIP non-fatal.
* Check if --enable-geoip-static can be fulfilled.
* Fixed loading of zipped ipfilter files. Thanks to CtrlAltDel for the investigation of the problem.
* Fixed alc progress bar for files >4GB.
* Fixed #1056: amulegui: incorrect results when searching with min size >= 4GB
* Disable automatic sorting of dowload list while there is a pop-up menu or file detail dialog displayed.
* MinGW compilation fix.
* Fixed GTK crash on closing search tabs. Thanks to btkaos.

LittleAbacus:

* Support multiple selections on CSearchListCtrl::OnMarkAsKnown().

Skolnick:

* Fix alc and alcc to work with files bigger than 4GB

Stu Redman:

* Fix crash when last category was removed with a completed file in it
* Fix wrong ordering/placing of clients in the download window
* Fix available fileparts display for large files
* Don't open server UDP socked if ED2K is disabled
* Reordered preferences, disabled ED2K/UPnP prefs if ED2K/UPnP is disabled
* MSVC: solution for MSVC 2008 Express edition, project for ed2k and fileview
* Fix wrong file download rates in transfer window
* Windows: fix broken core timer, use precise tickcount and so fix download limit

Wuischke:

* Add checks to cas to prevent segfaults
* Fix wxCas save file dialog for file types
* Fix a buffer overflow error in cas

Special Thanks to:

* btkaos and CtrlAltDel for their invaluable help in tracking off bugs.
