---
slug: 2.2.2
title: "aMule 2.2.2"
date: 2008-08-08
tags: [release]
---

bomj:

* Patch for alcc to improve usability

Gaznevada:

* implement getopt_long in cas for systems which lack it

GonoszTopi:

* Fixing denoiser
* include `<sys/types.h>` before `<regex.h>` as by POSIX
* Fix noinline in crypto for some systems
* Fix display of ccache option
* Add sources from search results for new downloads
* Use output of gdlib-config for gd.h detection
* Solaris mntent fix
* wxMSW fix
* Fix NULL pointer dereference
* Fix for configure not using --with-geoip value in library check
* Added pkg.m4 from pkg-config-0.23
* Ported Kademlia Protocol Version 8 from eMule0.49b.
  * Kad now ignores multiple IDs pointing to one IP in routing request answers
  * When calculating the total user count, Kad now uses (if available) the real number of firewalled clients for the calculation instead a fixed value. This will take more effect when 0.49+ nodes become common
  * Kad no longer tries to add UDP firewalled (and therefore mostly unreachable) nodes into its routing table, reducing overhead and increasing reliability [Idea: Netfinity]
  * Optimized the Kad packettracking code to only track packets which we check later, to save resources
  * Fixed a bug which let Kad sometimes assume a Kad2 contact to be Kad1 after probing for both versions
  * Did first small step in dropping Kad1 support by not probing unknown Kad contacts for Kad1 anymore to save overhead. Kad1 clients will nevertheless still be work for now.
  * Several changes were made to Kad in order to defy routing attacks researched by University of Minnesota guys [Peng Wang, James Tyra, Eric Chan-Tin, Tyson Malchow, Denis Foo Kune, Nicholas Hopper, Yongdae Kim], in particular:
    * Kad contacts will only be able to update themself in others routing tables if they provide the proper key (supported by 0.49a+ nodes) in order to make it impossible to hijack them
    * Kad uses now a three-way-handshake (or for older version a similar check) for new contacts, making sure they do not use a spoofed IP
    * Unverified contacts are not used for routing tasks
  * When reading a nodes.dat without any verified contacts (possible an old file version), aMule will assume all contacts to be verified to avoid slowing down the connecting process
  * Implemented a special nodes.dat file version suitable for mass distribution.
* Fixed not sending sources for clients that did not announce their part availability.
* Fixed all list columns being disabled in case of invalid data in config file.
* Fixed directory tree not available.

Kry:

* Fixed: Incorrect SX packets sent, plus no reply to out-of-multipacket SX as a bonus

MalaPraxis:

* Remap colours on Windows
* Add resources
* Fix wrong usage of CPath::IsOk which caused an infinite loop on Import
* Fix wxTempFile usage for compressed IPFilter files

Phoenix:

* Removed the dlopen() code from UPnP.cpp.
* Added the m4 macro to test for libupnp.
* Updated amule_build_install.sh to work with --with-libupnp-prefix.
* Changed the UPnP code to allow the use of a service without having successfully subscribed to it. That should be enough to deal with some lazy router implementations.
* Do not unregister if no service is found
* Save the found service even if subscription has failed
* Fix for initialization of "resultstr" in cryptopp.m4.
* Fix for message "Duplicate partfile with hash..." in DonwloadQueue.cpp. It was using deleted corrupted data.
* amule_build_install.sh now uses -a flag in unzip so that cryptopp files are properly converted from DOS text format.

Stu Redman:

* Scanner fix for MSVC compilation
* Fixed crash when progress bar was resized to zero width
* Fixed sharing of large files on Windows
* Fixed free disc space check
* Sanity check before writing nodes.dat - don't write it if there are less than 25 contacts
* Download List sorted on startup
* Splitter bar position in transfer window is restored again
* Fixed a GDI resource leak for Windows

Vollstrecker:

* Made possible to deactivate xas
* Various Updates in debian/ see debian/changelog

Wuischke:

* Show connection status in toolbar when changing skin, thanks to greek

xor:

* Fix window resize problem on Mac OS X
* Fix for packets being lost in EC communication. Fixes aMuleGUI not updating after a while.
