---
slug: 2.2.4
title: "aMule 2.2.4"
date: 2009-04-03
tags: [release]
---

freddy77:

* Plugged various memory leaks.

FreeToGo:

* Add comment to desktop file to allow autostart in Gnome

gabrielix:

* Compilation fix for gcc-4.3.2.

Gaznevada:

* Compilation fix for IRIX.
* Fixed file handles on IRIX.

GonoszTopi:

* Fixed compilation of Format.cpp for some platforms.
* Fixed wxWidgets socket library initialization.
* Fixed partfile importer destroying imported data.
* Separated GUI and core code in partfile importer, thus fixing occasional crashes/hangs.
* Fixed GeoIP-enabled builds crashing on 64b boxes.
* Added another common URN ID to the Magnet link handler.
* Switch to the 'busy' cursor while bringing up the preferences window.
* Ported several Kademlia fixes and improvements from eMule0.49c:
  * Fixes on handling incoming packets with port zero.
  * The Kad UDP firewalltest now asks several clients for its external port, avoiding to get a wrong "Open" state on NATs which change the source port on each request but behave like a Full-Cone otherwise.
  * Made sure a received Kad routing answer doesn't contain more contacts than requested. [Xin Sun]
  * Kad no longer allows more than 2 IPs from the same subnet within one routing query reply (except on LANs).
  * Kad routing query contacts are checked against the routing table.
* Implemented non-interactive mode for amulecmd/amuleweb.
* Fixed detection of crypto++ library for versions >= 5.6.0.
* Fixed saving wrong window position when exiting while minimized.
* Fixed rare case when we tried to connect to a LowID client.
* MSW: detect WinSock API version needed by GeoIP.
* Fixed libbfd sometimes depends on libintl, with help from PacoBell.

iz0bbz:

* Fixed static linking with GeoIP on MinGW/MSYS.
* Fixed detecting GeoIP library when building for MinGW.
* Compilation fix for GeoIP-1.4.6.

Stu Redman:

* Fix crash on global search on Windows
* Fix splitter bar position in transfer window not restored properly
* Caught some insane upload requests
* Fixed finished files sometimes getting rehashed (thanks to Skolnick)
* Added restart warning if the ED2K network was re-enabled.
* Fixed Windows lag when opening preferences dialog
* Fixed creation of ED2K links with AICH (thanks to Archmage)
* Remote Gui shows a dialog box with a reason on connection failure
* Changed fix for wrong ordering/placing of clients in the download window so that sort order is again like in 2.2.2.

Wuischke:

* Add Asturian language
* Updated INSTALL file
* When EC authentication fails, close connection before we send the response.
* Tell the user why the EC connection failed.

Special Thanks To:

* wires for the strenuous testing on 64-bit
